<h2>IO Lab 20: Flask and Redis on Heroku</h2>

<h3>Assignment Description</h3>
<p>For this lab you will create a basic site statistics app using Flask and Redis, and deploy it to Heroku.</p>

<h3>Step 1: Heroku Setup</h3>
<p>Follow the instructions in the <a href="https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/quickstart">Getting Started Guide</a> to install Heroku/the Heroku Toolbelt on your machine. After you have entered your Heroku credentials at the command line, continue to step 2.</p>

<h3>Step 2: Download Sample App</h3>
<p>Clone this repository to your computer. Navigate to the project directory and delete the existing .git folder.</p>

<h3>Step 3: Create Heroku App</h3>
<ol><li>From the project directory, type <code>git init</code> to initialize a fresh git repo, then add and commit all of the files.</li><li>Type <code>heroku create</code> to create a new heroku app. Heroku will respond with the URL for your new site, something like "Creating wandering-pines-3938... done, stack is cedar, http://wandering-pines-3938.herokuapp.com"</li>
<li>Give the app a better name than the autogenerated one with <code>heroku rename "newname"</code>. For example, <code>heroku rename "iloveiolab"</code> will change the name of the app to iloveiolab and the address will now be http://iloveiolab.herokuapp.com.</li>
<li>Install the redis add-on for your site with <code>heroku addons:add redistogo</code></li>
</ol>

<h3>Step 4: Deploy!</h3>
<p>Deploy the test app to Heroku with <code>git push heroku master</code>. Go to the app's URL in the browser and verify you see a page appear. Refresh the page and watch the counter go up.</p>

<h3>Step 5: Modify the App</h3>
<p>Right now the app only keeps track of the number of hits. Modify the code so that it also keeps a log of what operating system visitors are using (hint: take a look at Flask's request.user_agent output, and the python module <a href="https://pypi.python.org/pypi/httpagentparser">httpagentparser</a>). Print the result to the index.html page. For example:
<br>Windows: 10<br>Mac: 1</p>
<p>If you have time, log the user's browser as well, and make a visualization of the data (pie chart? bar chart?)</p>

